# V1NodeAllocatableResourceMapping

NodeAllocatableResourceMapping defines the translation between the DRA device/capacity units requested to the corresponding quantity of the node allocatable resource.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allocation_multiplier** | **str** | AllocationMultiplier is used as a multiplier for the allocated device count or the allocated capacity in the claim. It defaults to 1 if not specified. How the field is used also depends on whether &#x60;capacityKey&#x60; is set. 1.  If &#x60;capacityKey&#x60; is NOT set: &#x60;allocationMultiplier&#x60; multiplies the device count allocated to the claim.     a. A DRA driver representing each CPU core as a device would have        {ResourceName: \&quot;cpu\&quot;, allocationMultiplier: \&quot;2\&quot;} in its        &#x60;nodeAllocatableResourceMappings&#x60;. If 4 devices are allocated to the claim,     4 * 2 CPUs would be considered as allocated and subtracted from the node&#39;s capacity.     b. A GPU device that needs additional node memory per GPU allocation would        have {ResourceName: \&quot;memory\&quot;, allocationMultiplier: \&quot;2Gi\&quot;}.  Each allocated     GPU device instance of this type will account for 2Gi of memory.  2.  If &#x60;capacityKey&#x60; IS set: &#x60;allocationMultiplier&#x60; is multiplied by the amount of that capacity consumed.     The final node allocatable resource amount is &#x60;consumedCapacity[capacityKey]&#x60; * &#x60;allocationMultiplier&#x60;.     For example, if a Device&#39;s capacity \&quot;dra.example.com/cores\&quot; is consumed,     and each \&quot;core\&quot; provides 2 \&quot;cpu\&quot;s, the mapping would be:     {ResourceName: \&quot;cpu\&quot;, capacityKey: \&quot;dra.example.com/cores\&quot;, allocationMultiplier: \&quot;2\&quot;}.     If a claim consumes 8 \&quot;dra.example.com/cores\&quot;, the CPU footprint is 8 * 2 &#x3D; 16. | [optional] 
**capacity_key** | **str** | CapacityKey references a capacity name defined as a key in the &#x60;spec.devices[*].capacity&#x60; map. When this field is set, the value associated with this key in the &#x60;status.allocation.devices.results[*].consumedCapacity&#x60; map (for a specific claim allocation) determines the base quantity for the node allocatable resource. If &#x60;allocationMultiplier&#x60; is also set, it is multiplied with the base quantity. For example, if &#x60;spec.devices[*].capacity&#x60; has an entry \&quot;dra.example.com/memory\&quot;: \&quot;128Gi\&quot;, and this field is set to \&quot;dra.example.com/memory\&quot;, then for a claim allocation that consumes { \&quot;dra.example.com/memory\&quot;: \&quot;4Gi\&quot; } the base quantity for the node allocatable resource mapping will be \&quot;4Gi\&quot;, and &#x60;allocationMultiplier&#x60; should be omitted or set to \&quot;1\&quot;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


