# V1beta1CSIStorageCapacity

CSIStorageCapacity stores the result of one CSI GetCapacity call. For a given StorageClass, this describes the available capacity in a particular topology segment.  This can be used when considering where to instantiate new PersistentVolumes.  For example this can express things like: - StorageClass \"standard\" has \"1234 GiB\" available in \"topology.kubernetes.io/zone=us-east1\" - StorageClass \"localssd\" has \"10 GiB\" available in \"kubernetes.io/hostname=knode-abc123\"  The following three cases all imply that no capacity is available for a certain combination: - no object exists with suitable topology and storage class name - such an object exists, but the capacity is unset - such an object exists, but the capacity is zero  The producer of these objects can decide which approach is more suitable.  They are consumed by the kube-scheduler if the CSIStorageCapacity beta feature gate is enabled there and a CSI driver opts into capacity-aware scheduling with CSIDriver.StorageCapacity.
## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**api_version** | **str** | APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#resources | [optional] 
**capacity** | **str** | Capacity is the value reported by the CSI driver in its GetCapacityResponse for a GetCapacityRequest with topology and parameters that match the previous fields.  The semantic is currently (CSI spec 1.2) defined as: The available capacity, in bytes, of the storage that can be used to provision volumes. If not set, that information is currently unavailable and treated like zero capacity. | [optional] 
**kind** | **str** | Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the kubernetes.client submits requests to. Cannot be updated. In CamelCase. More info: https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#types-kinds | [optional] 
**maximum_volume_size** | **str** | MaximumVolumeSize is the value reported by the CSI driver in its GetCapacityResponse for a GetCapacityRequest with topology and parameters that match the previous fields.  This is defined since CSI spec 1.4.0 as the largest size that may be used in a CreateVolumeRequest.capacity_range.required_bytes field to create a volume with the same parameters as those in GetCapacityRequest. The corresponding value in the Kubernetes API is ResourceRequirements.Requests in a volume claim. | [optional] 
**metadata** | [**V1ObjectMeta**](V1ObjectMeta.md) |  | [optional] 
**node_topology** | [**V1LabelSelector**](V1LabelSelector.md) |  | [optional] 
**storage_class_name** | **str** | The name of the StorageClass that the reported capacity applies to. It must meet the same requirements as the name of a StorageClass object (non-empty, DNS subdomain). If that object no longer exists, the CSIStorageCapacity object is obsolete and should be removed by its creator. This field is immutable. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


